feature: Secure your fleet, NGINX One (#731)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx-one/secure-your-fleet/secure.md

Reviewer: The filename `/secure-your-fleet/secure.md` could be more descriptive.

Maybe `/secure-your-fleet/set-up-security-alerts.md`? That'd match the doc title.

---
title: "Set up security alerts"
weight: 500
toc: true
nd-content-type: how-to
nd-product: NGINX One
---

> With this page, you'll learn how to set up alerts in F5 Distributed Cloud. Once configured, you'll see the CVEs and insecure configurations associated with your NGINX fleet. These instructions are intended for those responsible for keeping their NGINX infrastructure and application traffic secure. It assumes you know how to:

Reviewer: Should we spell out CVE on first mention? Or is this a well-known domain acronym?

Author: Maybe I have the "curse of knowledge" on this one. It's not spelled out in the UI. You're welcome to say "that's not good enough". 

<img width="534" height="437" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-16 at 7 14 36 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/588b1394-c37d-48a6-bdee-b17e3311671e" />

- Access the NGINX One Console in F5 Distributed Cloud
- Connect NGINX instances to the NGINX One Console
- Review Security Risks associated with your NGINX fleet
- Configure Alert Policies in F5 Distributed Cloud

## Background

NGINX One Console is a service to monitor and manage NGINX. It's a part of the F5 Distributed Cloud and is included with all NGINX and F5 Distributed Cloud subscriptions. While NGINX is built to be secure and stable, critical vulnerabilities can occasionally emerge – and misconfigurations may leave your applications or APIs exposed to attacks. 

## Before you begin

If you already have accessed F5 Distributed Cloud and have NGINX instances available, you can skip these steps and start to connect instances to the NGINX One Console.

### Confirm access to the F5 Distributed Cloud

Confirm an F5 Distributed Cloud tenant has been provisioned for you. Log in to MyF5 and review your subscriptions. You should see within one of your subscriptions "Distributed Cloud". This could be in either an NGINX subscription or a Distributed Cloud. If the above does not appear in any of your subscriptions, reach out to either your F5 Account Team or Customer Success Manager.

> With access, you or someone in your organization should have an email from no-reply@cloud.f5.com asking you to update your password when the tenant was created. The account name referenced in the E-Mail in bold is the tenant name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With access, you or someone in your organization should have an email from no-reply@cloud.f5.com asking you to update your password when the tenant was created. The account name referenced in the email in bold is the tenant name.
```

> Navigate to https://INSERT_YOUR_TENANT_NAME.console.ves.volterra.io/ to access F5 Distributed Cloud. If you have never logged in, select the **Forgot Password?** option in the log in screen. Alternatively, if someone within your organization has access, ask them to add you as a user within your tenant with a role providing permissions for NGINX One.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to https://INSERT_YOUR_TENANT_NAME.console.ves.volterra.io/ to access F5 Distributed Cloud. If you have never logged in, select the **Forgot Password?** option in the log in screen. Alternatively, if someone within your organization has access, ask them to add you as a user within your tenant with a role providing permissions for NGINX One.
```

Reviewer: Style guide says to use "Go to" instead of "Navigate."

https://github.com/nginx/documentation/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md

(Aside: I think navigate harkens back to the Netscape Navigator days -- when the Web was like an ocean. Netscape's early logo was a ship's wheel.)

### Confirm access to NGINX One Console in the F5 Distributed Cloud

Once you've logged in with your password, you should be able to see and select the NGINX One tile. 

> 1. Select the **NGINX One** tile<!-- Style note: this is the UI in DC -->

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select the **NGINX One** tile
```

1. Select **Visit Service**

### Install an instance of NGINX

> Ensure you have an instance of [NGINX Open Source or NGINX Plus]({{< ref "/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/" >}}) installed and available. This guide will provide instructions for connecting an instance installed in a Linux environment (VM or bare metal hardware) where you have command line access.

Author: ```suggestion
Ensure you have an instance of [NGINX Open Source or NGINX Plus]({{< ref "/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/" >}}) installed and available. This guide provides instructions for connecting an instance installed in a Linux environment (VM or bare metal hardware) where you have command line access.
```

> Alternatively, we also have instructions for [Deploying NGINX and NGINX Plus with Docker]({{< ref "/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/installing-nginx-docker.md" >}}) with NGINX and the NGINX Agent installed. That deployment can connect with environment variables

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, we also have instructions for [Deploying NGINX and NGINX Plus with Docker]({{< ref "/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/installing-nginx-docker.md" >}}) with NGINX and the NGINX Agent installed. That deployment can connect with environment variables.
```

## Connect at least one NGINX instance to the NGINX One Console

If you already have connected instances to the NGINX One Console, you can start to [Configure an active alert policy]({{< ref "/nginx-one/secure-your-fleet/secure.md#configure-an-active-alert-policy" >}}).
Otherwise, you need to generate a data plane key, add an instance, and install NGINX Agent. We assume this is the first time you are connecting an instance.

### Add an instance

{{< include "/nginx-one/how-to/add-instance.md" >}}

### Generate a data plane key

{{< include "/nginx-one/how-to/generate-data-plane-key.md" >}}

### Install NGINX Agent

{{< include "/nginx-one/how-to/install-nginx-agent.md" >}}

You can also install NGINX Agent from our repositories and configure it manually. Alternatively you can use our official NGINX Docker images, pre-configured with NGINX Agent.

## Configure an active alert policy

> The NGINX One Console monitors all connected NGINX instances for CVEs and insecure configurations. Using the F5 Distributed Cloud's Alert Policies you can receive alerts for these risks in a manner of your choosing; for the purposes of this guide we will show you how to configure E-Mail alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NGINX One Console monitors all connected NGINX instances for CVEs and insecure configurations. Using the F5 Distributed Cloud's Alert Policies, you can receive alerts for these risks in a manner of your choosing; for the purposes of this guide, we will show you how to configure E-Mail alerts.
```

Reviewer: Style guide says to use email: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/email

Also, use present tense predominately.

> The F5 Distributed Cloud generates alerts from all its services including NGINX One. You can configure rules to send those alerts to a receiver of your choice. These instructions walk you through how to configure an email notification when we see new CVEs or detect security issues with your NGINX instances.

Reviewer: Who is the "we" in "when we see new CVEs"?

This page describes basic steps to set up an email alert. For authoritative documentation, see
[Alerts - Email & SMS](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/shared-configuration/how-tos/alerting/alerts-email-sms).

## Configure alerts to be sent to your email

To configure security-related alerts, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the F5 Distributed Cloud Console at https://INSERT_YOUR_TENANT_NAME.console.ves.volterra.io. 
1. Select **Audit Logs & Alerts**
1. Select **Manage > Alert Receiver**
1. Configure the **Alert Receivers**
   1. Enter the name of your choice.
   1. (Optional) Specify a label and description.
1. Under **Receiver**, select Email and enter your email address.
1. Select **Add Alert Receiver**

> 1. Your Email receiver should now appear on the list of Alert Receivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Your email receiver should now appear on the list of Alert Receivers.
```

1. Under the Actions column, select Verify Email.
1. Select **Send email** to confirm.
1. You should receive a verification code in the email provided. Copy that code.

> 1. Under the Actions column, select **Enter verification code**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under the **Actions** column, select **Enter verification code**.
```

1. Paste the code and select **Verify receiver**.

## Configure Alert Policy

Next, configure the policy that identifies when you'll get an alert. 

> 1. Navigate to **Alerts Management > Alert Policies**.
> 1. Select **Add Alert Policy**.
>    1. Enter the name of your choice.
>    1. (Optional) Specify a label and description.
> 1. Under Alert Reciever Configuration > Alert Receivers, select the Alert Receiver you just created.
> 1. Under Policy Rules select Configure.
> 1. Select Add Item.
> 1. Under Select Alerts (TBD).
> 1. Set the Action as Send and select Apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Alerts Management > Alert Policies**.
1. Select **Add Alert Policy**.
   1. Enter the name of your choice.
   1. (Optional) Specify a label and description.
1. Under **Alert Reciever Configuration > Alert Receivers,** select the **Alert Receiver** you just created.
1. Under **Policy Rules** select **Configure**.
1. Select **Add Item**.
1. Under **Select Alerts** (TBD).
1. Set the **Action as Send** and select **Apply**.
```

Now set a second alert related to Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs).

1. Select Add Item
1. Under Select Alerts {adding additional Alert type for CVE)
1. Set the Action as Send and select Apply

> 1. Select **Save and Exit**

Reviewer: Is this a placeholder?

`Under **Select Alerts** {adding additional Alert type for CVE)`

> 1. Select Add Item
> 1. Under Select Alerts {adding additional Alert type for CVE)
> 1. Set the Action as Send and select Apply
> 1. Select **Save and Exit**

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add Item**
1. Under **Select Alerts**, set the **Action** as **Send** and select **Apply**
1. Select **Save and Exit**
```

You've now set up F5 Distributed Cloud to send you security-related alerts from NGINX One Console.

## Summary

In this tutorial, you learned how to:

- Access the NGINX One Console
- Connect an NGINX instance
- Configure an Alert

> You will now receive an email any time the NGINX One Console recognizes one of your connected instances has a configuration that is insecure or an NGINX CVE impacts it.

Reviewer: Style guide says to use "affect" instead of "impact" for verbs: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/i/impact

Not the biggest deal but "any time the NGINX One Console recognizes ..." is anthropomorphic, which the style guide recommends against.

```suggestion
You will now receive an email any time the NGINX One Console recognizes one of your connected instances has a configuration that is insecure or an NGINX CVE affects it.
```

---
title: "Set up security alerts"
weight: 500
toc: true

> type: how-to
> product: NGINX One
> docs: DOCS-000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
nd-content-type: how-to
nd-product: NGINX One
```

Jon has asked us not to add placeholders for the docs parameter, since the absence is meaningful for the purposes of the automated script setting stuff up.

---

> In this tutorial, you'll learn how to set up alerts in F5 Distributed Cloud. Once configured, you'll see the CVEs and insecure configurations associated with your NGINX fleet. This tutorial is intended for those resposible for keeping their NGINX infrastructure and application traffic secure. It assumes you know how to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this page, you'll learn how to set up alerts in F5 Distributed Cloud. Once configured, you'll see the CVEs and insecure configurations associated with your NGINX fleet. These instructions are intended for those responsible for keeping their NGINX infrastructure and application traffic secure. It assumes you know how to:
```

Nit: not a tutorial.

- Install Linux programs or run Docker containers

By the end of this tutorial, you'll be able to:

- Access the NGINX One Console in F5 Distributed Cloud
- Connect NGINX instances to the NGINX One Console
- Review Security Risks associated with your NGINX fleet
- Configure Alert Policies in F5 Distributed Cloud

## Background

NGINX One Console is a service to monitor and manage NGINX. It's a part of the F5 Distributed Cloud and is included with all NGINX and F5 Distributed Cloud subscriptions. While NGINX is built to be secure and stable, critical vulnerabilities can occasionally emerge – and misconfigurations may leave your applications or APIs exposed to attacks. 

## Before you begin

> If you already have accessed F5 Distributed Cloud and have NGINX instances available, you can skip these steps and start to connect instances to the NGINX One Console..

Author: ```suggestion
If you already have accessed F5 Distributed Cloud and have NGINX instances available, you can skip these steps and start to connect instances to the NGINX One Console.
```

This page describes basic steps to set up an email alert. For authoritative documentation, see
[Alerts - Email & SMS](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/shared-configuration/how-tos/alerting/alerts-email-sms).

## Configure alerts to be sent to your email

To configure security-related alerts, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the F5 Distributed Cloud Console at https://INSERT_YOUR_TENANT_NAME.console.ves.volterra.io. 
1. Find **Audit Logs & Alerts** > **Alerts Management**.
1. Select **Add Alert Receiver**.
1. Configure the **Alert Receivers**
   1. Enter the name of your choice.
   1. (Optional) Specify a label and description.
1. Under **Receiver**, select Email and enter your email address.
1. Select **Save and Exit**.
1. Your Email receiver should now appear on the list of Alert Receivers.
1. Under the Actions column, select Verify Email.
1. Select **Send email** to confirm.
1. You should receive a verification code in the email provided. Copy that code.
1. Under the Actions column, select **Enter verification code**.
1. Paste the code and select **Verify receiver**.

## Configure Alert Policy

Next, configure the policy that identifies when you'll get an alert. 

> 1. Navigate to **Alerts Management > Alert Policies**

Reviewer 3: Punctuation inconsistency if compared to the previous block: full stop vs absence of full stop

Author: Updated in next comment

> 1. Navigate to **Alerts Management > Alert Policies**
> 1. Select **Add Alert Policy**
>    1. Enter the name of your choice
>    1. (Optional) Specify a label and description
> 1. Under Alert Reciever Configuration > Alert Receivers, select the Alert Receiver you just created
> 1. Under Policy Rules select Configure
> 1. Select Add Item
> 1. Under Select Alerts (TBD)
> 1. Set the Action as Send and select Apply

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Alerts Management > Alert Policies**.
1. Select **Add Alert Policy**.
   1. Enter the name of your choice.
   1. (Optional) Specify a label and description.
1. Under Alert Reciever Configuration > Alert Receivers, select the Alert Receiver you just created.
1. Under Policy Rules select Configure.
1. Select Add Item.
1. Under Select Alerts (TBD).
1. Set the Action as Send and select Apply.
```

---
title: "Set up security alerts"
weight: 500
toc: true
nd-content-type: how-to
nd-product: NGINX One
---

> With this page, you'll learn how to set up alerts in F5 Distributed Cloud. Once configured, you'll see the CVEs and insecure configurations associated with your NGINX fleet. These instructions are intended for those responsible for keeping their NGINX infrastructure and application traffic secure. It assumes you know how to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up alerts in F5 Distributed Cloud to track CVEs and insecure configurations across your NGINX fleet.

These instructions are for those responsible for keeping their NGINX infrastructure and application traffic secure. Before you begin, make sure you know how to:
```

With access, you or someone in your organization should have an email from no-reply@cloud.f5.com asking you to update your password when the tenant was created. The account name referenced in the email in bold is the tenant name.

Go to https://INSERT_YOUR_TENANT_NAME.console.ves.volterra.io/ to access F5 Distributed Cloud. If you have never logged in, select the **Forgot Password?** option in the log in screen. Alternatively, if someone within your organization has access, ask them to add you as a user within your tenant with a role providing permissions for NGINX One.

### Confirm access to NGINX One Console in the F5 Distributed Cloud

Once you've logged in with your password, you should be able to see and select the NGINX One tile. 

1. Select the **NGINX One** tile
1. Select **Visit Service**

### Install an instance of NGINX

> Ensure you have an instance of [NGINX Open Source or NGINX Plus]({{< ref "/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/" >}}) installed and available. This guide provides instructions for connecting an instance installed in a Linux environment (VM or bare metal hardware) where you have command line access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you have an instance of [NGINX Open Source or NGINX Plus]({{< ref "/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/" >}}) installed and available. This guide shows you how to connect an instance installed on a Linux system (VM or bare metal hardware) where you have command line access.
```

Reviewer: Got rid of the gerund "connecting"

> Alternatively, we also have instructions for [Deploying NGINX and NGINX Plus with Docker]({{< ref "/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/installing-nginx-docker.md" >}}) with NGINX and the NGINX Agent installed. That deployment can connect with environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can [deploy NGINX Open Source or NGINX Plus with Docker]({{< ref "/nginx/admin-guide/installing-nginx/installing-nginx-docker.md" >}}). This method includes the NGINX Agent and uses environment variables to connect the deployment.
```

## Connect at least one NGINX instance to the NGINX One Console

If you already have connected instances to the NGINX One Console, you can start to [Configure an active alert policy]({{< ref "/nginx-one/secure-your-fleet/secure.md#configure-an-active-alert-policy" >}}).
Otherwise, you need to add an instance, generate a data plane key, and install NGINX Agent. We assume this is the first time you are connecting an instance.

### Add an instance

{{< include "/nginx-one/how-to/add-instance.md" >}}

### Generate a data plane key

{{< include "/nginx-one/how-to/generate-data-plane-key.md" >}}

### Install NGINX Agent

{{< include "/nginx-one/how-to/install-nginx-agent.md" >}}

You can also install NGINX Agent from our repositories and configure it manually. Alternatively you can use our official NGINX Docker images, pre-configured with NGINX Agent.

## Configure an active alert policy

> The NGINX One Console monitors all connected NGINX instances for CVEs and insecure configurations. Using the F5 Distributed Cloud's Alert Policies, you can receive alerts for these risks in a manner of your choosing; for the purposes of this guide, we show you how to configure email alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NGINX One Console monitors all connected NGINX instances for CVEs and insecure configurations.

With F5 Distributed Cloud alert policies, you can choose how to receive alerts for these risks. This guide shows how to set up email alerts.
```

> The F5 Distributed Cloud generates alerts from all its services including NGINX One Console. You can configure rules to send those alerts to a receiver of your choice. These instructions walk you through how to configure an email notification when we see new CVEs or detect security issues with your NGINX instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
F5 Distributed Cloud generates alerts from all its services, including the NGINX One Console.

You can create rules to send those alerts to the receiver of your choice. This guide shows how to set up email notifications for new CVEs or other security issues detected in your NGINX instances.
```

1. Set the **Action as Send** and select **Apply**.

## Create more alert policies  

Repeat the process described in [Configure Alert Policy](#configure-alert-policy) section. Repeat again if and as needed for all of the alerts in the 
[NGINX One Console Glossary]({{< ref "/nginx-one/glossary.md#nginx-alerts/" >}}).

## Activate the alert policy

Now to make sure your new policy works, add your new policies to the list of **Active Alert Policies**. To do so:

1. Select **Alerts Management > Active Alert Policies**
1. Select **Select Active Alert Policies**. 
1. In the **Select Active Alert Policies** window, select **Add Item**
1. In the drop-down box that appears, select the Alert Policy that you created. 
1. Select the **Add Select Active Alert Policies** button.	
1. Select **Add Item**

You've now set up F5 Distributed Cloud to send you alerts from NGINX One Console, to your email address. When the alert policy identifies an alert, it sends you an email from **alerts@cloud.f5.com**.

## Summary

In this tutorial, you learned how to:

- Access the NGINX One Console
- Connect an NGINX instance
- Configure and activate an alert

> You will now receive an email any time the F5 Distributed Cloud sees one or more of the alerts that you configued. 

Reviewer: This repeats the "By the end of this tutorial, you'll be able to: ..." section at the top. Not sure a summary is needed.

1. Select **Apply** to exit the **Route** window.
1. Select **Apply** to exit the **Policy Rules** window.
1. You can now select the **Add Alert policy** button.
1. Set the **Action as Send** and select **Apply**.

## Create more alert policies  

Repeat the process described in [Configure Alert Policy](#configure-alert-policy) section. Repeat again if and as needed for all of the alerts in the 
[NGINX One Console Glossary]({{< ref "/nginx-one/glossary.md#nginx-alerts/" >}}).

## Activate the alert policy

Now to make sure your new policy works, add your new policies to the list of **Active Alert Policies**. To do so:

1. Select **Alerts Management > Active Alert Policies**
1. Select **Select Active Alert Policies**. 
1. In the **Select Active Alert Policies** window, select **Add Item**
1. In the drop-down box that appears, select the Alert Policy that you created. 
1. Select the **Add Select Active Alert Policies** button.	
1. Select **Add Item**

You've now set up F5 Distributed Cloud to send you alerts from the NGINX One Console to your email. When an alert is triggered, you'll receive a message from **alerts@cloud.f5.com**.

> 

Author: As discussed, @jasonclopper @travisamartin 

```suggestion

## Known issues

When you set up an email alert that recognizes a problem, you'll see the alert in:

- The F5 Distributed Cloud Console, in **Audit Logs & Alerts**, under **Notifications > Alerts**.
- An email with a subject line like **<number> Alert Requires Action**.

As defined in our [Alert Reference](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs-v2/platform/reference/alerts-reference), after a certain period of time, you may also receive an "Alert Resolved" email.

For CVEs, the authoritative source is in **NGINX One**, under **Manage > Instances > <Instance hostname>.** See the list of CVEs on the dashboard details for that instance.

```

Reviewer: This section doesn’t describe the actual issue. The problem is that users may receive “Alert Resolved” emails even when the issue still exists, which is misleading.

If we don’t call out that behavior directly, I’m not sure “Known issues” is the right heading. As it stands, the text just tells users to defer to NGINX One as the source of truth.
